
JOBS {

#			Str	Agi	Vit	Int	Luc
Archer		4	4	2	2	3
"Archers are ranged attackers. They are snipers who can afford to take
their time and carefully fire at enemies from a safe distance."

a:Snipe		a:Aim			a:Rapid.Fire
W:Bow		W:Gun
A:Clothes	A:Hat			A:Boots
A:Armlet	A:Shield		A:Ornament
~

#			Str	Agi	Vit	Int	Luc
Berserker	5	1	5	1	3
"Berserkers are wild warriors. They can use their battle cries to psych
themselves up for ferocious combat before going berserk and swinging
wildly in the enemy group. They are not as concerned with accuracy as
they are with raw damage."

a:Guts		a:Rage			a:Meatbone.Slash
W:Axe		W:Greatsword	W:Hammer
A:Plate		A:Helm			A:Shield
A:Gauntlet	A:Boots
~

#			Str	Agi	Vit	Int	Luc
Black.Mage	2	3	2	5	3
"Black Mages use their spells to call on elemental forces to cause
destruction and death in the enemy ranks. They have the ability to focus
their inner magical energies to cause their magical attacks to be even
more destructive."

a:Black.Low	a:Black.High	a:Focus
W:Knife		W:Rod
A:Clothes	A:Robe			A:Hat
A:Ring		A:Mantle		A:Ornament
~

#			Str	Agi	Vit	Int	Luc
Blue.Mage	3	2	4	3	3
"Blue Mages are adepts who can learn how to cast monster spells by
observing the monsters that cast them. They are also able to manipulate a
monster, forcing it to do their bidding."

a:Blue.Low	a:Blue.High		a:Control
W:Rapier	W:Rod
A:Clothes	A:Hat	A:Shield	A:Boots	A:Mantle	A:Armlet
~

#			Str	Agi	Vit	Int	Luc
Dark.Knight	4	3	2	3	3
"Dark Knights are able to call upon demonic magic to bring curses on
enemies, in exchange for being likewise cursed themselves. They can even
attack all the enemies with dark energy at the cost of injuring themselves."

a:Dark.Magic	a:Yinyang.Low	a:Dark.Wave
W:Sword		W:Fellsword 	W:Blade
A:Mail		A:Robe			A:Helm	A:Shield	A:Gauntlet
~

#			Str	Agi	Vit	Int	Luc
Dragoon		3	4	3	2	3
"Dragoons are aerial warriors, trained specifically to slay dragons. They
can do a flying jump attack that uses their lance to cause extra damage,
particularly to flying foes. They can also call upon the spirits of dragons
for certain magical effects."

a:Dragon.Skill	a:Jump		a:Dragon.Spirit
W:Sword		W:Spear
A:Plate		A:Mail			A:Helm
A:Shield	A:Gauntlet		A:Boots
~

#			Str	Agi	Vit	Int	Luc
Gadgeteer	3	4	2	2	4
"Gadgeteers are eccentric inventors whose magical clockwork machines do
not always do what they are intended to. The effects are always
significant, but the Gadgeteer must always be prepared for the worst.
Not completely reliant on their machines, Gadgeteers are also skilled
in hand-to-hand combat."

a:Clockwork	a:MP.Switch		a:Martial.Arts
W:Claw		W:Gun
A:Hat		A:Mail			A:Gauntlet
A:Clothes	A:Boots			A:Armlet
~

#			Str	Agi	Vit	Int	Luc
Knight		4	3	5	2	1
"Knights are heavily armored guards. They often serve as human shields
in combat, protecting their less resilient allies. They also have an
array of combat techniques they can use to disarm and otherwise weaken
their opponents' ability to fight."

a:Break		a:Cover			a:Double.Grip
W:Sword 	W:Knightsword 	W:Greatsword
A:Plate 	A:Mail 			A:Helm
A:Shield	A:Gauntlet
~

Mediator	1	4	3	5	2
"Mediators are expert orators. They can inspire allies with their
magical speeches, and since they know how to communicate with monsters,
they can even manipulate the enemies, or even get them to completely
turn around and join the Mediator's side."

a:Talk.Skill	a:Control	a:Train
W:Knife 	W:Gun
A:Hat		A:Ornament	A:Clothes	A:Robe	A:Mantle	A:Ring
~

#			Str	Agi	Vit	Int	Luc
Monk		5	2	3	1	4
"Monks are expert martial artists. They do not need weapons or armor to
be able to fight effectively. They can even sense and immediately respond
to incoming attacks. Monks are in tune with their body's spiritual energy
and can use it to attack or to heal."

a:Punch.Art	a:Counter 		a:Martial.Arts
W:Flail	 	W:Claw
A:Clothes 	A:Hat 			A:Robe
A:Boots		A:Ornament		A:Armlet
~

#			Str	Agi	Vit	Int	Luc
Ninja		4	4	1	1	5
"Ninjas are expert assassins. They can use their ninja magic for various
combat tricks as well as causing natural disasters. They can throw
weapons for severe damage, or even various special effects. Ninjas are
also masters of two-weapon fighting, putting them among the most
devastating physical attackers."

a:Throw		a:Ambidexterity	a:Ninjutsu
W:Knife		W:Katana		W:Boomerang	W:Blade
A:Ornament	A:Clothes		A:Hat		A:Armlet
~

#			Str	Agi	Vit	Int	Luc
Oracle		4	1	3	5	2
"Oracles use their spells to call upon the mystic forces of yin and yang to
impede and confuse their enemies. Sometimes they can even syphon the
magical energy that was used to cast a spell."

a:Yinyang.Low	a:Yinyang.High	a:Absorb.MP
W:Pole			W:Book
A:Clothes	A:Robe	A:Hat	A:Ring	A:Armlet	A:Ornament
~

#			Str	Agi	Vit	Int	Luc
Time.Mage	1	4	2	5	3
"Time Mages use their magic to call upon cosmic forces to manipulate time
and space. They can even reactively freeze time for a split second when
they are severely injured."

a:Time.Low	a:Time.High		a:Critical.Quick
W:Rod		W:Staff
A:Clothes	A:Robe	A:Hat	A:Ring	A:Mantle	A:Ornament
~

#			Str	Agi	Vit	Int	Luc
White.Mage	2	4	3	5	1
"White Mages can use their spells to call on a divine being to grant healing
or protection. They can even pray to their divinity in the hopes of
achieving an immediate blessing without having to consume any magical
energy."

a:White.Low	a:White.High	a:Pray
W:Staff		W:Hammer
A:Clothes	A:Robe	A:Hat	A:Ornament	A:Mantle	A:Armlet
~
}
